Updated as per dbt-teradata 1.7.1 (#5037)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/connect-data-platform/teradata-setup.md

All dbt commands are supported.

## Support for model contracts
Model contracts are supported with dbt-teradata v1.7.1 and onwards.

> Constraint support and enforcement in dbt-teradata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constraint support and enforcement in dbt-teradata:
```

All dbt commands are supported.

## Support for model contracts
Model contracts are supported with dbt-teradata v1.7.1 and onwards.
Constraint support and enforcement in dbt-teradata

| Constraint type |	Support	Platform | enforcement |
|-----------------|------------------|-------------|
| not_null	      | ✅ Supported	 | ✅ Enforced |
| primary_key	  | ✅ Supported	 | ✅ Enforced |
| foreign_key	  | ✅ Supported	 | ✅ Enforced |
| unique	      | ✅ Supported	 | ✅ Enforced |
| check	          | ✅ Supported	 | ✅ Enforced |

> To find more on model contracts please follow dbt documentations https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Model contracts](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-contracts) for more info.
```
